Html is a type of language which defines the structure of a website
It defines what in a website like structure,description and labelling 
<html> -> opening tag, </html> -> closing tag
<!DOCTYPE html>  -> indicates the code is in html doc file and it is called a boiler plate code.
the combination of opening tag , content, closing tag is called element.
the metadata/SEO/title realted data is stored in the head tag.
in heading tag h1-h6 are size related else after that h7,h8 behaves like paragraph tag
anchor tag : a href=""
if want to learn more about html then go to MDN reference
lists: three types: (1) ordered list ,(2) unordered list ,(3) description list.
in unordered list the sequence is in random order while in ordered list the sequence is not changed.
image tag has attributes like source and alt.
html in speed can be done by the help of (emmet).Emmet is a shortcut for a full code.
class is used for grouping of elements.
id se kisi bhi element ko uniquely identify krte hai.
(word)# is used for creating the id.for multiple id's use # times
(word). is used for creating a class.for multiple class use . many times
div tag is a non semantic tag which doesnt provide any meaning but it is used for divison.this tag is used for wwrapping and acts like a container.
there are two types of elements: block and inline 
block elements woh hote hai jo next line me jate hai left to right ye sara space occupy kr lete hai.E.g. div is block element
inline elements woh hote hai jo next line me nahi aate and ye content ke jtna hi psace occupy krte hai.E.g. span is inline element
block element can be ocnvert into inline element and vice versa through (display) property of css.
a tag se link hota hai koi bhi element 
list ke andar vertical aate hai elements agr usko horizontal karna hai to (display:flex) use krte hai.
table is the arrangement in the form of rows and columns.horizontal are rows and verical are columns.
cell is the smallest unit of table.
table,thead,tbody,tfoot are tags of table
rowspan and colspan are the properties of table wich is used to expand the width of row and column respectively.
Form is a structure whihc is used to collect the user data 
form tag is used to create html forms for user input
input tag is used to take input from user
label tag is used to create labels and sctreen reader
placeholder is the faded text inside the box.
form elemnet includes input,label,select(drop down),option,button,textArea(for multiple lines),legend(for caption),fieldset(grouping of elements)

// HEAD in html
the content inside the head tag is not visible to us
favicon is the display of icon , jab chrome pe title show hota hai to uske sath icon display ke liye favicon use krte hai. link:favicon se kr skte hai ham aisa
SEO:search engine optimisation: 
