CSS:Cascading style sheet:styling and appearance
CSS depends on these 4 key factors to resolve conflicts and decide what a user actually sees.
1:Importance & Origin (Who defined the rule?)
2:Specificity (How precise is the selector?)
3:Source Order (Which rule came last?)
Different ways of adding css are:
inline,internal,external
in general inline has more priority than internal but if we want to mark internal as more important than inline than we use !important
css works on ordering.
Selectors: is a way to target html elements,ways: element,id,class,group
id is declared by #id
in class method css styling is done by .class
group selector is done by ,
google fonts is nice site for fonts
in rgba the value of alpha decides the transparency
hsl :hue saturation lightness (way of color)
The width and height properties do not work on a <span> tag because, by default, it is an Inline Element.
In CSS, elements are broadly categorized into two types: Block and Inline. The browser treats them very differently.
Box model consists of margin,border,padding,and the actual content.it displays in rectangular box.
Display properties:how to dsiplay different tags and their properties.
Block elements(div,p,h1 etc):
properties: (1) always come in new line
(2) width taken is from extreme left to extreme right.
(3) custom width and height are changeable
(4) custom margin and padding are changeable

Inline elements propeties: try to come in same line,width = content width,custom height,width not applicable,custom margins are not applicable but custom paddingare applicable
inline -block is a mixture of both inline and block .it behaves like a inline but custom height and width are applicable

size units: absolute and relative 
Flexbox: tool(1d layout method) for different layouts
ek styling se dusri styling pe shift krna is called animation.(series of complex movoment)(badi chiz)
transition is moving from initial state to the final state.(choti chiz)
for usingb transitions we have to use pseudo classes.


